Instructions:
   1 Preheat your oven to 350 degrees.
   2 Crush up your graham cracker pieces in a blender or food processor till a nice crumb is formed.
    3 Mix the crumbs, melted butter and sugar together.
    4 Press into the bottom and slightly up the sides of a 9 in springform sprayed with pam.
    5 Wrap foil around the bottom of the pan and around the sides over the top.
    6 Bake for about 8 - 10 minutes. Allow to cool as you prepare the blueberry sauce and filling.
    7 Put the blueberries and sugar together in a small saucepan over medium heat.
   10 In a small bowl mix together the lemon juice, cornstarch and water.
   11  Add the cornstarch to the blueberries, smashing some of the berries as you stir it together. Remove from heat as the mixture starts to thicken.
   12 Push through a fine mesh strainer to separate the juice and the berries. Save both for later.
   13 Mix your cream cheese in a stand mixer till smooth.
   14 Add in the sugar and beat for 2-3 minutes.
   15 Add in the sour cream, vanilla extract and stir to combine.
   16 Add in the eggs, one at a time, mixing after each addition till just blended.
   17 Pour the filling into the cooled crust.
   18 Drop the blueberry sauce (not the berries) on the top of the batter. You'll use about 1/4 cup of it here. Mix the extra sauce back in with the cooked berries and save for later.
    Use a knife to gently swirl the blueberry sauce around the top of the cheesecake in a marbled fashion.
   19 Place the pan into a large roasting pan, or deep cookie sheet filled with 1/2 to 1 inch of hot water.
   20 Bake for 55-65 minutes until the center is almost set, except for a couple inches in the middle.
   21 Open the oven door slightly and leave the cheesecake in there for 1 hour.
   22 Remove cheesecake from the oven and allow to cool to room temperature.
   23 Cover and place in the fridge overnight.
   24 Carefully remove the cheesecake from the pan.
   25 Cut into slices and serve.
z 26Top with remaining berries and whipped cream if desired.